When I said I wasn't making any simfiles anymore...















I lied, which is something I never do. I can't even remember the last time I lied about something because I'm usually so honest :(

See, I'm making notes for O2Jam. "Gaussian Blur" is going into o2jam and I did the notes for it. Obviously, because I'm doing them, the O2Jam notes are fucking hard. REALLY, really fucking hard. This is the hardest thing that will be on O2Jam for quite awhile. It'd be rated a 40 on O2Jam (the hardest song right now, red sign, is rated a 34)

I made a topic all about O2Jam on my website - http://www.arch0wl.com/phpBB2/viewtopic.php?t=4409 ( if the topic goes down for some reason, the official o2jam website is http://www.o2jam.com.my and I've included a html file of it anyway)

Now, I've noticed a pattern. NVLM usually always DWIs the hardest song from a game. Since there's already been a bunch of (bad) DWIs of Gaussian Blur, I figured that this would not be a problem. But then I realized that NVLM would do one. NVLM would not make this any normal DWI. He would try to REPLICATE the O2Jam difficulty, and convert 7 keys to 4 keys. This would be a DWI so bad, that if I made a simfile entirely with my penis, it would be better than that. So bad, that even the lowest of standards (Nima) could say it's bad. I did not want the song to get disgraced by such an atrocity of a simfile. Gaussian Blur is a beautifully composed song. So I figured, since I already did the notes for O2Jam, that I should do the simfile too.

In the world of Stepmania, this is the only music game where there's "Styles". Where players can bitch their heart out because one pattern is uncomfortable to them. Well, you know what? I've made this stepfile totally unbiased to styles and just follows the music in the most fun way possible. I made it like a professional game makes it, since the notechart I did for this is ON a professional game. 

I made patterns that are fun on one hand and four fingers, but ROUGH on indexes (the left-up-right-left-down-right-repeat patterns, which I can full combo/AAA with indexes easily, you can also execute them without double stepping if you pivot right and have your fingers angled right), I've made patterns which are rough on four fingers but fun on index and one hand (the triplets like right up right-right up right-right up right-left down left-left down left-left down left-repeat, which are very very doable with four fingers), I've made patterns which are rough on one hand but fun on all other styles (the mass of scales like left down up right repeat) 

Best of all, I did it in less than an hour. You'd be surprised how easy it is to make simfiles after you've made a 2000+ note o2jam file to them.

I'll be making a brief return under the "A0 revival" cd title. I will only make simfiles under my name if it's a very big deal, and this is a big deal to me kind of.

Credits:

Music by Kil
Music Remastered by Ren
Steps/notes by Arch0wl
Art by citruschild
Computer Graphics by Zhek

Contact:

You can reach Kil, citruschild, and myself at http://www.arch0wl.com

~A0